gh-95166: cancel map waited on future on timeout (#95169)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-07-23-10-42-05.gh-issue-95166.xw6p3C.rst

> :meth:`concurrent.futures.Executor.map` now cancels the currently waiting on future on an error - eg TimeoutError or KeyboardInterrupt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix :meth:`concurrent.futures.Executor.map` to cancel the currently waiting on future on an error - e.g. TimeoutError or KeyboardInterrupt.
```
